    As I see it, the problem is divided into three main sub-problems:
    
    1- Selecting a way to represent decks in the mutator program
	(Zegana) and devising a mutation/reproduction algorithm
	that makes sense in light of that choice
    2- Selecting the environment in which to perform the simulation
	and how to measure performance - i.e. what parameters
	we give to the simulator and what results we look at to
	determine which individuals reproduce
    3- Performing mathematical transformations on the raw fitness
	values to turn them into values porportional to reproduction
	chance.

As such, in the long term I plan for Zegana to have command line 
options to allow the user to independently select algorithms for
each of these sub-problems.

    Genetic algorithms differ from basic evolutionary algorithms
in that they use a reproduction process that is in some way an
imitation of nature's. The literatire I read mainly discussed 
how to make this process more realisticly copy nature in order
to achieve better results.

    Genetic algorithms generally use crossover- that is, where
individuals a and b are strings, interchanging a random substring
of a and the corresponding substring of b in order to generate
an offspring from two parents. Most problems are dissimilar from
nature in that the position of an element in the string is very
important in determining what that string does. In nature, by
contrast, sequences of DNA do not care where they are on the strand-
though related functions are often grouped.

    Our problem, however, does not have this discrepancy. I plan
to take advantage of this in my solution to sub-problem 1.
The decks will be a simple list of cards with repetition. Then,
in order to create new individuals, I copy two old individuals
and possibly randomly interchange a substring, followed by possible
mutations. The key, however, is that the decks exist in a particular
order and one of the possible mutations will be to reverse the order
of a substring of the deck. This will not effect the performance
of the deck in the simulator, however, if it happens to have the
effect of grouping cards that depend on each other, that permuation
of the deck will be more likely to have its children survive, because
crossover is less likely to seperate interdependant cards. In this
way, groups of related cards will eventually group together, and the
process of crossover becomes the mixing and matching of these groups.

    I also plan to explore the concept of having the random mutation
process prefferentially add and delete from one end of the deck, so
that decks might learn to shift the extremely important cards to the
opposite end.

    The literatire also warned of using the raw fitness value as
an individual's proportional chance to reproduce. There tend to be
a small number of individuals in the first few generations with 
vastly superior fitness, and so all individuals are soon decendants
of those individuals and most of the search space is not explored.
Instead, I plan to have an individual's reproduction chance to be
their number of standard devations above the mean plus some constant.
In this way, the selection pressure is relatively constant over time:
The early generations are not dominated by a few individuals, and late
generations still have selectoin pressure despite the individuals
all having similar fitness values.

    As for the environment, I plan to explore the idea of having
the decks being evolved tested against some fixed set of decks.
Having them battle each other, as we have been doing, seems like a
bad idea both because it widens the search space ("Make the best deck"
as opposed to "Make a deck that beats this specific deck") and
because it makes it difficult to measure the progress- when the decks
compete against each other, the best of each generation always has
a 70%-80% win rate, but the only real way we can see improvement
is if it learns to not use cards that are strictly worse than other
cards.
